TINY-8322: Cleaned up APIs that didn't require the new keyword (#7429)
tinymce/tinymce: modules/tinymce/CHANGELOG.md

- Aligning a table to the left or right will now use margin styling instead of float styling #TINY-6558
- The `tinymce.settings` global property is no longer set upon initialization #TINY-7359

> - Addons such as plugins and themes are no longer constructed using the `new` operator #TINY-8256

Author: ```suggestion
- Add-ons such as plugins and themes are no longer constructed using the `new` operator #TINY-8256
```
Also fixing a typo from a previous PR

> - A number of APIs that were not actually classes no longer require using the `new` operator #TINY-8322

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- A number of APIs that were not classes no longer require using the `new` operator #TINY-8322
```
I suspect Tyler won't like using "actually". Could use "proper" maybe, if you want something there?

Author: We need something there to show they were "fake"/"partial" classes and I'm not sure `proper` covers that. It's better than nothing though but I'm going to ask @tylerkelly13 to weigh in.

Author: ```suggestion
- A number of APIs that were not proper classes, are no longer constructed using the new operator #TINY-8322
```
Was talking to Tyler via DM's and this is the best we've come up with so far :shrug:
